README.md, before:

# Google Container

**Prevent Google from tracking your visits to other websites**

This is a fork of [Facebook Container](https://github.com/mozilla/contain-facebook)

Google Container is an add-on you can install on Firefox to prevent Google from tracking your activity on other websites, so you can continue to use Google while protecting your privacy.

**Note:** To learn more about Containers in general, see [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/containers).

## How does Google Container work?

The Add-on keeps Google in a separate Container to prevent it from following your activity on other websites. When you first install the add-on, it signs you out of Google and deletes the cookies that Google uses to track you on other websites. 

Every time you visit Google, it will open in its own container, separate from other websites you visit.  You can login to Google within its container.  When browsing outside the container, Google won’t be able to easily collect your browsing data and connect it to your Google identity.

## How do I enable Google Container?

We’ve made it easy to take steps to protect your privacy so you can go on with your day.

1. [Install Google Container](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/google-container/). This will log you out of Google and delete the cookies it’s been using to track you.
2. Open Google and use it like you normally would.  Firefox will automatically switch to the Google Container tab for you.
3. If you click on a link to a page outside of Google or type in another website in the address bar, Firefox will load them outside of the Google Container

## How does this affect Google’s features?

Google Containers prevents Google from linking your activity on other websites to your Google identity. Therefore, the following will not work:

### “Like” buttons and embedded Google comments on other websites.

Because you are logged into Google only in the Container, “Like” buttons and embedded Google comments on other websites will not work.

### Logging in or creating accounts on other websites using Google

Websites that allow you to create an account or log in using Google will generally not work properly.

## Will this protect me from Google completely?

This add-on does not prevent Google from mishandling the data it already has or permitted others to obtain about you. Google still will have access to everything that you do while you are on google.com or on any Google app, including your Google comments, photo uploads, likes, and any data you share with Google connected apps, etc.  

Other ad networks may try to link your Google activities with your regular browsing. In addition to this add-on, there are other things you can do to maximize your protection, including changing your Google settings, using Private Browsing and Tracking Protection, blocking third-party cookies, and/or using [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/ ) extension to further limit tracking.

## How do I use Containers for other websites?

Good news! Containers aren’t just for Google. You can use Containers to prevent websites from linking your identities across the Web by installing [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

To learn more about how Mult-Account Containers work, see our support page at [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

Commit message:

Initial redditization
Did a simple replace and added reddit domains (that I know of)

README.md, after:

# Reddit Container

**Prevent Reddit from tracking your visits to other websites**

This is a fork of [Facebook Container](https://github.com/mozilla/contain-facebook)

Reddit Container is an add-on you can install on Firefox to prevent Reddit from tracking your activity on other websites, so you can continue to use Reddit while protecting your privacy.

**Note:** To learn more about Containers in general, see [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/containers).

## How does Reddit Container work?

The Add-on keeps Reddit in a separate Container to prevent it from following your activity on other websites. When you first install the add-on, it signs you out of Reddit and deletes the cookies that Reddit uses to track you on other websites. 

Every time you visit Reddit, it will open in its own container, separate from other websites you visit.  You can login to Reddit within its container.  When browsing outside the container, Reddit won’t be able to easily collect your browsing data and connect it to your Reddit identity.

## How do I enable Reddit Container?

We’ve made it easy to take steps to protect your privacy so you can go on with your day.

1. [Install Reddit Container](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/reddit-container/). This will log you out of Reddit and delete the cookies it’s been using to track you.
2. Open Reddit and use it like you normally would.  Firefox will automatically switch to the Reddit Container tab for you.
3. If you click on a link to a page outside of Reddit or type in another website in the address bar, Firefox will load them outside of the Reddit Container

## How does this affect Reddit’s features?

Reddit Containers prevents Reddit from linking your activity on other websites to your Reddit identity. Therefore, the following will not work:

### “Like” buttons and embedded Reddit comments on other websites.

Because you are logged into Reddit only in the Container, “Like” buttons and embedded Reddit comments on other websites will not work.

### Logging in or creating accounts on other websites using Reddit

Websites that allow you to create an account or log in using Reddit will generally not work properly.

## Will this protect me from Reddit completely?

This add-on does not prevent Reddit from mishandling the data it already has or permitted others to obtain about you. Reddit still will have access to everything that you do while you are on reddit.com or on any Reddit app, including your Reddit comments, photo uploads, likes, and any data you share with Reddit connected apps, etc.  

Other ad networks may try to link your Reddit activities with your regular browsing. In addition to this add-on, there are other things you can do to maximize your protection, including changing your Reddit settings, using Private Browsing and Tracking Protection, blocking third-party cookies, and/or using [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/ ) extension to further limit tracking.

## How do I use Containers for other websites?

Good news! Containers aren’t just for Reddit. You can use Containers to prevent websites from linking your identities across the Web by installing [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

To learn more about how Mult-Account Containers work, see our support page at [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).
